Engine API: introduce exchangeCapabilities (#364)
ethereum/execution-apis: src/engine/experimental/capabilities.md

# Engine API -- Capabilities

Specification of `engine_exchangeCapabilities` method exchanging with a list of Engine API methods supported by the server (execution layer client) and the client (consensus layer client) down to a version of each method.

The proposed method should become a part of [`common.md`](../common.md) document if accepted.

## Methods

### engine_exchangeCapabilities

*Note:* The method itself doesn't have a version suffix.

#### Request

* method: `engine_exchangeCapabilities`
* params:
    1. `Array of string` -- Array of strings, each string is a name of a method supported by consensus layer client software.
* timeout: 1s

#### Response

`Array of string` -- Array of strings, each string is a name of a method supported by execution layer client software.

#### Specification

> 1. Consensus and execution layer client software **MUST** exchange with a list of currently supported Engine API methods down to a version of each method. Consider the following examples:

Reviewer: The call to getCapabilities is strictly redundant / there's no real need to call it for communication to work and **MUST** makes it impossible to restart an execution client without notifying the CL - ie the CL cannot generally detect that the EL went down, meaning both EL and CL must support this function not having been called at all.

Author: I've made it in a bit different way. But the first statement in the spec is clearly saying that this method may be used and that EL must not surface any error messages based on the time when this method was or was not called. Hopefully, this addresses the concern.

> 1. Consensus and execution layer client software **MUST** exchange with a list of currently supported Engine API methods down to a version of each method. Consider the following examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Consensus and execution layer client software **MAY** optionally exchange with a list of currently supported Engine API methods down to a version of each method. Consider the following examples:
```

# Engine API -- Capabilities

Specification of `engine_exchangeCapabilities` method exchanging with a list of Engine API methods supported by the server (execution layer client) and the client (consensus layer client) down to a version of each method.

The proposed method should become a part of [`common.md`](../common.md) document if accepted.

## Methods

### engine_exchangeCapabilities

*Note:* The method itself doesn't have a version suffix.

#### Request

* method: `engine_exchangeCapabilities`
* params:

>     1. `Array of string` -- Array of strings, each string is a name of a method supported by consensus layer client software.

Reviewer 2: think the param should have a name?

Reviewer 2: ...suggest `remoteCapabilities`? Maybe not technically necessary but is more consistent with other engine_ methods, more explicit in the naming and will make our implementation a lot easier :)

So it would look like:

```
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "method": "engine_exchangeCapabilities",
  "params": [{
      "remoteCapabilities": ["engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV1", "engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV2"]
  }],
  "id": 68
}
```

Reviewer 2: Have talked myself out of it, Array of string in and out is better

#### Specification

1. Consensus and execution layer client software **MUST** exchange with a list of currently supported Engine API methods down to a version of each method. Consider the following examples:
    * Client software of both layers currently supports `V1` and `V2` versions of `engine_newPayload` method:
        * params: `["engine_newPayloadV1", "engine_newPayloadV2", ...]`,
        * response: `["engine_newPayloadV1", "engine_newPayloadV2", ...]`.
    * `V1` method has been deprecated and `V3` method has been introduced on execution layer side since the last call:
        * params: `["engine_newPayloadV1", "engine_newPayloadV2", ...]`,
        * response: `["engine_newPayloadV2", "engine_newPayloadV3", ...]`.

>     * The same capabilities modification has happened in clonsensus layer client, so, both clients have the same capability set again:

Reviewer 2: s/clonsensus/consensus
